Hey Mr. Wang
Why are you suddenly so polite?
Stop talking.
I'm here to inform you of the termination.
Mr. Wang, you said we have been cooperating for more than ten years
Even if you suddenly ask to terminate the contract
You have to let me die knowingly.
OK
I will have lunch at Buckingham tomorrow at noon.
If you want to know the reason, come and find me.
Mr. Wang
Isn't this money?
Sold Xingyue Media
Not in the circle
This is not
Thanks to our new president of Xingyue Media for his insightful vision
Left me here
Mr. Wang, let me introduce you
This is
This is the upstart who just took office at Crescent Media
Hahaha
I am Wang Zhengyang
I don't like to hang out with stupid people with lots of money.
Any involvement hahaha